.TH NSHOLD 1 "August 14, 2016" "VirtualSquare Labs"
.SH NAME
cgroupnshold ipcnshold mntnshold netnshold pidnshold timenshold usernshold utsnshold \- Set a placeholder for a namespace
.SH SYNOPSIS

.B cgroupnshold
[
.I tag
]

.B ipcnshold
[
.I tag
]

.B mntnshold
[
.I tag
]

.B netnshold
[
.I tag
]

.B pidnshold
[
.I tag
]

.B timenshold
[
.I tag
]

.B usernshold
[
.I tag
]

.B utsnshold
[
.I tag
]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBnshold\fR commands define placeholders for namespaces. A placeholder is a small idle process whose goal is to keep
the namespace alive. 
Each \fBnshold\fR command has a prefix to specify the type of namespace and creates a placeholder for the current
namespace of that type.
It is possible to assign a tag to a placeholder to later identify that namespace.

\fItag\fR is a single argument. \fBnshold\fR implements a shortcut to define a tag consisting of several keywords:
two dashes -- followed by all the keywords.

A namespace placeholder is a process and can be terminated using \fBkill\fR(1) or \fBkill\fR(2).
.nBnsrelease\fR commands provide a simpler interface to terminate placeholders.

For example a placeholder for the net namespace of the current process can be defined by:
.nf
  netnshold privatenet
.fi

A user can later run a shell in that namespace typing:
.nf
  netnsjoin privatenet bash
.fi

Similar commands using the -- shortrcdut are:
.nf
  netnshold -- house automation
  netnsjoin house automation -- bash
.fi

.SH SEE ALSO
\fBnslist\fR(1)
\fBnsrelease\fR(1)
\fBnetnsjoin\fR(1)
\fBcado\fR(1)
