.TH NSLIST 1 "August 14, 2016" "VirtualSquare Labs"
.SH NAME
nslist cgroupnslist ipcnslist mntnslist netnslist pidnslist timenslist usernslist utsnslist \- List namespaces
.SH SYNOPSIS

.B nslist
[
OPTIONS
]
[
.I pid_or_namespace_id_or_placeholder_tag
]
...
[ --
.I long placeholder tag
]

.B cgroupnslist
.I same syntax as nslist

.B ipcnslist
.I same syntax as nslist

.B mntnslist
.I same syntax as nslist

.B netnslist
.I same syntax as nslist

.B pidnslist
.I same syntax as nslist

.B timenslist
.I same syntax as nslist

.B usernslist
.I same syntax as nslist

.B utsnslist
.I same syntax as nslist

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBnslist\fR commands are utility commands to list namespaces (ns from now on) 
and check the mapping between processes and namespaces.
Each \fBnslist\fR command has a prefix to specify the type of ns. \fBnslist\fR without any prefix can be used
when the ns can be identified in a non ambiguous way or to list all the namespaces of any type. 

The ns to list can be identified by the ns id (e.g. net:[1234567890]) or using a tag defined by a \fBnshold(1)\fR
command. 
By the option \fB-r\fR it is possible to use regular expressions to identify ns tags.

If the argument is a pid instead of a ns id or tag, these commands list the ns (or namespaces) that
process belongs to.

In case no argument is given (after the options)
these commands list all the namespaces and for each namespace all the processes belonging
to that namespace. 

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
\fB\-r
.TQ
\fB\-\-regex
arguments are regular expressions of ns tags
.TP
\fB\-u
.TQ
\fB\-\-listuser
display the owner of each process
.TP
\fB\-H
.TQ
\fB\-\-placeholder
display only the placeholder processes
.TP
\fB\-U \fIuid_or_username\fR
.TQ
\fB\-\-placeholder \fIuid_or_username\fR
filter the list to include only the processes belonging to a specific user
.TP
\fB\-H
.TQ
\fB\-\-placeholder
show only placeholder processes
.TP
\fB\-C
.TQ
\fB\-\-listcomm
show the command instead of the command line
.TP
\fB\-p
.TQ
\fB\-\-pid
output just the list of pids of matching processes
.TP
\fB\-c
.TQ
\fB\-\-count
output just the number of matching processes
.TP
\fB\-T
.TQ
\fB\-\-tabular
give a tabular output (without titles and separations between namespaces)
.TP
\fB\-n
.TQ
\fB\-\-numeric
list the ns numeric id (1234567890 instead of ipc[1234567890])
.TP
\fB\-s
.TQ
\fB\-\-short 1
short form: list only pid and ns id for each process matching the criteria defined
by the other options (for scripts)
.TP
\fB\-s \-s
.TQ
\fB\-ss
.TQ
\fB\-\-short 2
very short form: list ns id only
.TP
\fB\-t
.TQ
\fB\-\-tag
show a ns tag together with the ns id (when defined)
.TP
\fB\-t \-t
.TO
\fB\-tt
.TQ
\fB\-\-tagonly
show a ns tag instead of the ns id (when defined)
.TP
\fB\-R \fIregex\fR
.TQ
\fB\-\-recomm \fIregex\fR
show only those processes whose command match regex
(regex is a regular expression)
.TP
\fB\-h
.TQ
\fB\-\-help
print a short usage banner and exit.

.SH SEE ALSO
\fBnshold\fR(1)
\fBnsrelease\fR(1)
\fBnetnsjoin\fR(1)
\fBcado\fR(1)
